DescriptionUsers should be able to Create a feed collectionSummaryUser must be able to create and manage (Update/Delete) individual feed collection This allows grouping of feeds together to display section of a page and reused in multiple pages within an app.Includes predefine sorting or sort by affinity from recommendation.Precondition* User is logged into  console via browser and navigated into the feed experience screen from the main pane in LHS.* User is authorised with sufficient permission(s) to perform edit* User clicked "Create" to create a new feed OR* User navigated to feed collections section selected Manage feed collections, clicked "+ Add feed collection"* The total number of configured feed collections must not exceed 500* Jump instance has been configured for the  account and RMS can connect to Jump curation hub configurations persisted in accountSettingsInputsMandatory* Title (feed collection)Optional* Description* External Reference IdOutputsfeed collection is stored * It is displayed in feed collections "overview" tab & "Manage feed collections"* It is available for selection in Create Feed and Update Feed* It is persisted in Jump* It is persisted in User InterfaceCreate Feed modalUser can select "Create New" from drop downMain Feed Management screen LHS menuSelect Manage feed collections, +Add feed collectionCreate feed collection modal Contains Title and Description input with optional GUID via advance tabFlow & Steps1. Creation of Collection through Feed Management screen LHS menu a. Console render main Feed Management screenb. User select tab Manage feed collections, Click on "+ Add feed collection")c. Console render Create feed collection modald. User complete input in formi. MUST Enter Title of feed collectionii. COULD Enter Description iii. COULD Optionally set Guide. Click Create to persist OR cancel to abandon/discard the changef. The new feed collection is persistedi. New feed collection MUST be shown in both "Overview" & "Manage feed collections"2. Creation of Collection through Creation of Feed (Generic & Personalized) flow1. a. Console render Create Feed modalb. User select Feed type "Editorial" and complete basic configurationi. Assign a feed collection1. Create a new feed collection2. Console render Create feed collection modal3. User complete input in forma. MUST Enter Title of feed collectionb. COULD Enter Description c. COULD Optionally set Guid4. Click Create5. The new feed collection is persistedii. Screen returns to Create Feed modal1. New feed collection MUST be shown for selectionc. User carries on with Creation of FeedValidation Rules* Input data validation on mandatory fields* Input data validation on External Reference IDo Uniqueness (unique within a  account)o Alphanumeric no special symbols or space allowed ( other than dash "-" and underscore "_") * Validate the total number of configured feed collection(s)has not exceed global limit 300 or Local Account Setting override (100-500) o throw 403 forbidden in API when attempt to create with exception message: total feed collections exceed limit of Xo Console displays error message suggest clean up of feed collectionsBusiness Logics * Back office logic shall handleo Creation of LaneGroup object in Jump* Guid (supplied or generated) is set as id of LaneGroups in JUMP at the time of creation (POST /laneGroups).* To ensure it is globally unique the id in Jump should be in a standard format including a prefix of  account number )o Creation of feed collection object and persist in data storage in o Failure from external api gracefully* Unauthorised operations ( admin user with lack of permission)o throw 403 forbidden in API if invokedo UI should not display "Manage feed collections" tab* If an entry with the same External Reference ID entered already existo thrown 409 conflict erroro UI show display a Feed of the same External Reference ID guid already exist (keep all supplied data in webform)* Ensure Jump configuration completes successfully before creation of configuration in o Should Jump configuration fails attempt* Retries with exponential delay until attempts reaches over a configured threshold * Do not proceed further - error outo Should  fail to persist Jump configuration* Retries with exponential delay until attempts reaches over a configured threshold* Do not proceed further - error out* Notify Ops w/ alertsException Handling If a feed collection fails to create for any reason (unless stated) display exception message accordingly and remain in the current screen* Indicate the creation has not been saved* For 596/597 - dependent service error/timeout, do not include partner/service details in UI error message